# License

DBReport Xojo (Real Studio) component License (v1.0.1120).

Copyright (C) 2013-2017 Bernardo Monsalve (lbmonsalve@outlook.com).

This is the DBReport (“component”) limited use License Agreement,
which governs your use of any component software products
(Licensed Program) and User file(s) delivered with it.

Your use of the Licensed component indicates your acceptance of
the terms and conditions of this Agreement. If you do not accept
or agree with them, you must not copy or use the component.

License: Bernardo Monsalve (lbmonsalve@outlook.com) hereby grants
you, and you accept a non-exclusive and non-transferable license,
to use the Licensed component and file(s) on the following terms
and conditions only:

a. The register code are for use in your develop programs, you
can distribute copies of a compiled version of the "component".
b. You agree not to decompile, reverse engineer or modify any
part of the "component".
c. The "Component" Proprietary Use License covers any images,
files distributed in a component. These files are copyrighted by
Bernardo Monsalve (lbmonsalve@outlook.com).
d. You agree not to share your register code with anyone. If you
share source code with a person, that person must have his own
register code.
e. Bernardo Monsalve reserves the right to cancel the license of
any user who determines is in violation of this agreement.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
COPYRIGHT OWNER BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF
USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED
AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN
ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.